# 1
> What is a smart contract?

A smart contract is a program which runs on a blockchain. It is triggered by a transaction on the blockchain, or information captured from outside the blockchain.

> How are they deployed? You should be able to describe how a smart contract is deployed and the necessary steps.

1. Install Hardhat.
1. Write and compile a smart contract.
1. Create an account on Alchemy, and get an api key.
1. Create a wallet.
1. Add the api key and wallet's private key to Hardhat config.
1. Install ethers.js, and create a deploy script.
1. Run the script.

# 2
> What is gas?

Gas is a transaction fee on a blockchain. Users have to pay it when using the blockchain. It's paid for a miner who handles calculations for the transaction.

> Why is gas optimization such a big focus when building smart contracts?

The more calculations, the more gas fee. So developers need to reduce the calculations as much as possible.


# 3
> What is a hash?

A hash is generating a different value from a value by a calculation.

> Why do people use hashing to hide information?

Because it's generally impossible to restore the value generated by hashing.

# 4
> How would you prove to a colorblind person that two different colored objects are actually of different colors? You could check out Avi Wigderson talk about a similar problem here.

- Choose one of two different colored objects and tell him that it's the "special object".
- Ask him to swap the two objects while hiding from me as many times as he likes and remember which one is the special object.
- I can distinguish between the two colors so I can consistently tell him which is which.
